website Notes
The Name is "Kruger WildTrack Safaris" 
Please create a simple 4 page website for me for "Kruger wildTrack safaris" a new venture, 
index. Html, aboutUs. Html, contactUs. Html and ToursAndServices. Html 
pages, use similar websites please to create images relevant for each page using your capabliltiy to create a really eye catching 
though "keep it simple" easy to use !! 

the management have more than 40 years experience in overeas visitores from europe , america , south america .

of places as well as the big 5 animals as images to create striking website? services will include "taior made tours" for your
specific needs , and will include pick up from the airport to luxury desighend Stayovers. The tours 
will mainl operate in the Lowveld of the Limpopo province South-Africa . 
The Kruger National Park is one of Africa’s premier safari destinations and a must-visit for overseas travellers. 
Stretching over 19,000 square kilometres, it offers an authentic African wildlife experience 
with unparalleled biodiversity. Visitors have the chance to see the Big Five 
(lion, leopard, elephant, rhino, and buffalo) along with hundreds of other species including giraffes, hippos, zebras, and over 500 types of birds.
The park caters to all travel styles—from luxury lodges and guided game drives to budget-friendly 
camps and self-drive safaris. Its well-maintained roads, rest camps, and abundant wildlife make 
it accessible and enjoyable for families, couples, and solo adventurers alike.
Kruger also offers scenic landscapes, from riverine forests and open plains to rocky outcrops and baobab trees. With warm hospitality, rich cultural heritage, and world-class facilities, Kruger National Park delivers a safe, unforgettable African safari experience for international visitors.The management team have more than 
40 years experience in the hospitality industry to make your stay and touring the Kruger an sorounding places of 
interest a one never to forget ? tell the customers to come and experience th big five as well as
The South African Lowveld is a top destination for birdwatchers, home to over 500 bird species thanks 
to its mix of savannas, forests, wetlands, and woodlands. This biodiversity makes it one of 
southern Africa’s richest birding regions. Visitors can spot colourful and rare species such as the 
Lilac-breasted Roller, Southern Ground Hornbill, African Fish Eagle, Pel’s Fishing Owl, 
Purple-crested Turaco, and Bateleur Eagle.
Top birding spots include Kruger National Park for year-round sightings, Blyde River Canyon for 
raptors and forest birds, Mopani and Letaba for waterbirds, and Hoedspruit Wildlife Estate 
for easy lodge-based birding. Whether you're an avid birder or just curious, 
the Lowveld offers unforgettable birding experiences. Images of the Manage-ing member is on the
MarlisePhoto.jpg and HeystekPhoto.jpg
Add a counter at the botom of the index page starting at 1000
Contact Details 
The Web Usermust be able to send a email to joost007@mweb.co.za - this may change a later stage - 
-- On the contact us page add  "i am not a robot when sending a email" the User 
Current addres in 772 Jagarend street , Malelane , Limpopo , South Africa . 
Heystek van Rooyen Cell Number 076 313 4963 Marlise 082 370 9189

The Website info is at must be in basic HTML as far as possible with the ablity to send emails on the 
contact page .... 
The HTML  pages must be saved on  "...KrugerWildTrackSafaris" 
Images must be saved on  "....KrugerWildTrackSafaris\Images" 